data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apktool                                       apktool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apktool.jar                                   apktool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/python/runtime.d/sqlmap.rtupdate            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/banner/mssql.xml                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/banner/x-powered-by.xml          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/banner/oracle.xml                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/banner/postgresql.xml            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/banner/servlet-engine.xml        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/banner/sharepoint.xml            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/banner/server.xml                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/banner/mysql.xml                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/banner/x-aspnet-version.xml      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/banner/set-cookie.xml            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/banner/generic.xml               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/livetests.xml                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/boundaries.xml                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/payloads/stacked_queries.xml     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/payloads/boolean_blind.xml       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/payloads/error_based.xml         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/payloads/inline_query.xml        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/payloads/time_blind.xml          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/payloads/union_query.xml         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/queries.xml                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/xml/errors.xml                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/__init__.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/generic/__init__.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/generic/filesystem.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/generic/fingerprint.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/generic/search.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/generic/connector.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/generic/misc.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/generic/databases.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/generic/takeover.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/generic/syntax.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/generic/entries.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/generic/users.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/generic/custom.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/generic/enumeration.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/__init__.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sqlite/__init__.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sqlite/filesystem.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sqlite/fingerprint.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sqlite/connector.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sqlite/takeover.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sqlite/syntax.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sqlite/enumeration.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/postgresql/__init__.py  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/postgresql/filesystem.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/postgresql/fingerprint.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/postgresql/connector.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/postgresql/takeover.py  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/postgresql/syntax.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/postgresql/enumeration.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/__init__.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/filesystem.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/fingerprint.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/connector.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/takeover.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/syntax.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/enumeration.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mysql/__init__.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mysql/filesystem.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mysql/fingerprint.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mysql/connector.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mysql/takeover.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mysql/syntax.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mysql/enumeration.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/db2/__init__.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/db2/filesystem.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/db2/fingerprint.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/db2/connector.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/db2/takeover.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/db2/syntax.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/db2/enumeration.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/informix/__init__.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/informix/filesystem.py  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/informix/fingerprint.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/informix/connector.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/informix/takeover.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/informix/syntax.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/informix/enumeration.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/access/__init__.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/access/filesystem.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/access/fingerprint.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/access/connector.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/access/takeover.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/access/syntax.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/access/enumeration.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/maxdb/__init__.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/maxdb/filesystem.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/maxdb/fingerprint.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/maxdb/connector.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/maxdb/takeover.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/maxdb/syntax.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/maxdb/enumeration.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/__init__.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/filesystem.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/fingerprint.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/connector.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/takeover.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/syntax.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/enumeration.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/oracle/__init__.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/oracle/filesystem.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/oracle/fingerprint.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/oracle/connector.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/oracle/takeover.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/oracle/syntax.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/oracle/enumeration.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/firebird/__init__.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/firebird/filesystem.py  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/firebird/fingerprint.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/firebird/connector.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/firebird/takeover.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/firebird/syntax.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/firebird/enumeration.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sybase/__init__.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sybase/filesystem.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sybase/fingerprint.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sybase/connector.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sybase/takeover.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sybase/syntax.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sybase/enumeration.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/sqlmap.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/netcontinuum.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/360.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/modsecurity.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/radware.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/requestvalidationmode.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/aws.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/secureiis.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/__init__.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/sitelock.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/sucuri.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/bigip.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/teros.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/cloudflare.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/nsfocus.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/binarysec.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/comodo.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/hyperguard.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/newdefend.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/yunsuo.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/watchguard.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/trafficshield.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/naxsi.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/barracuda.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/tencent.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/jiasule.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/fortiweb.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/knownsec.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/webknight.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/safedog.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/asm.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/yundun.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/expressionengine.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/profense.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/armor.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/airlock.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/datapower.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/zenedge.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/safe3.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/urlscan.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/anquanbao.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/paloalto.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/dotdefender.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/cloudfront.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/wallarm.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/varnish.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/ciscoacexml.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/sonicwall.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/netscaler.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/wordfence.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/baidu.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/proventia.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/edgecast.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/uspses.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/dosarrest.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/webappsecure.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/isaserver.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/blockdos.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/denyall.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/incapsula.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/sophos.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/stingray.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/senginx.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/kona.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/waf/generic.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/procs/postgresql/dns_request.sql     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/procs/mysql/dns_request.sql          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/procs/mysql/write_file_limit.sql     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/procs/mssqlserver/configure_openrowset.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/procs/mssqlserver/disable_xp_cmdshell_2000.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/procs/mssqlserver/enable_xp_cmdshell_2000.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/procs/mssqlserver/run_statement_as_user.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/procs/mssqlserver/activate_sp_oacreate.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/procs/mssqlserver/create_new_xp_cmdshell.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/procs/mssqlserver/configure_xp_cmdshell.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/procs/mssqlserver/dns_request.sql    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/procs/oracle/dns_request.sql         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/__init__.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/multipart/__init__.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/multipart/multipartpost.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/prettyprint/__init__.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/prettyprint/prettyprint.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/colorama/initialise.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/colorama/__init__.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/colorama/winterm.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/colorama/ansi.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/colorama/ansitowin32.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/colorama/win32.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/odict/__init__.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/odict/odict.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/wininetpton/__init__.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/wininetpton/win_inet_pton.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/gb2312freq.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/compat.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/langcyrillicmodel.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/__init__.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/langhungarianmodel.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/mbcharsetprober.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/mbcssm.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/cp949prober.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/utf8prober.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/jisfreq.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/sjisprober.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/big5freq.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/euctwprober.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/euctwfreq.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/sbcharsetprober.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/chardetect.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/euckrprober.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/constants.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/latin1prober.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/langbulgarianmodel.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/hebrewprober.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/langthaimodel.py  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/escsm.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/big5prober.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/escprober.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/euckrfreq.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/universaldetector.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/chardistribution.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/jpcntx.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/codingstatemachine.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/langhebrewmodel.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/langgreekmodel.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/charsetgroupprober.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/sbcsgroupprober.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/charsetprober.py  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/eucjpprober.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/mbcsgroupprober.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/gb2312prober.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/termcolor/__init__.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/termcolor/termcolor.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/socks/__init__.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/socks/socks.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/ansistrm/__init__.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/ansistrm/ansistrm.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/magic/__init__.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/magic/magic.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/clientform/__init__.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/clientform/clientform.py  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/fcrypt/__init__.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/fcrypt/fcrypt.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/beautifulsoup/__init__.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/beautifulsoup/beautifulsoup.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/pydes/__init__.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/pydes/pyDes.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/bottle/__init__.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/bottle/bottle.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/keepalive/__init__.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/keepalive/keepalive.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/oset/__init__.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/oset/_abc.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/oset/pyoset.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/xdot/__init__.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/xdot/xdot.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/gprof2dot/__init__.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/thirdparty/gprof2dot/gprof2dot.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/__init__.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/shellcodeexec/linux/shellcodeexec.x32_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/shellcodeexec/linux/shellcodeexec.x64_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/shellcodeexec/windows/shellcodeexec.x32.exe_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/cloak/__init__.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/cloak/cloak.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/dbgtool/__init__.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/dbgtool/dbgtool.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/mssqlsig/update.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/sqlharvest/__init__.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/sqlharvest/sqlharvest.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/icmpsh/__init__.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/icmpsh/icmpsh-m.c              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/icmpsh/icmpsh-m.pl             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/icmpsh/icmpsh_m.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/icmpsh/icmpsh-s.c              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/icmpsh/icmpsh.exe_             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/safe2bin/__init__.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/safe2bin/safe2bin.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/beep/__init__.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/beep/beep.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/extra/beep/beep.wav                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/shell/stagers/stager.jsp_            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/shell/stagers/stager.asp_            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/shell/stagers/stager.php_            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/shell/stagers/stager.aspx_           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/shell/backdoors/backdoor.asp_        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/shell/backdoors/backdoor.php_        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/shell/backdoors/backdoor.jsp_        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/shell/backdoors/backdoor.aspx_       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/linux/64/8.4/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/linux/64/9.4/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/linux/64/8.2/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/linux/64/9.1/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/linux/64/9.2/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/linux/64/9.0/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/linux/64/8.3/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/linux/64/9.3/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/linux/32/8.4/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/linux/32/9.4/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/linux/32/8.2/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/linux/32/9.1/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/linux/32/9.2/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/linux/32/9.0/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/linux/32/8.3/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/linux/32/9.3/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/windows/32/8.4/lib_postgresqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/windows/32/8.2/lib_postgresqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/windows/32/9.0/lib_postgresqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/postgresql/windows/32/8.3/lib_postgresqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/mysql/linux/64/lib_mysqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/mysql/linux/32/lib_mysqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/mysql/windows/64/lib_mysqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/udf/mysql/windows/32/lib_mysqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/securesphere.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/randomcomments.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/informationschemacomment.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/space2morehash.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/__init__.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/modsecurityzeroversioned.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/between.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/xforwardedfor.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/nonrecursivereplacement.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/commalesslimit.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/percentage.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/space2comment.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/commalessmid.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/plus2fnconcat.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/greatest.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/charunicodeescape.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/space2mysqlblank.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/modsecurityversioned.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/space2hash.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/overlongutf8.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/halfversionedmorekeywords.py  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/multiplespaces.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/concat2concatws.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/escapequotes.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/unmagicquotes.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/space2mysqldash.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/plus2concat.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/charencode.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/charunicodeencode.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/space2plus.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/htmlencode.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/ifnull2ifisnull.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/versionedmorekeywords.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/varnish.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/bluecoat.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/space2mssqlblank.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/base64encode.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/appendnullbyte.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/space2dash.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/unionalltounion.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/space2morecomment.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/space2mssqlhash.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/sp_password.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/symboliclogical.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/chardoubleencode.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/space2randomblank.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/uppercase.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/equaltolike.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/apostrophemask.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/ifnull2casewhenisnull.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/lowercase.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/least.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/randomcase.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/versionedkeywords.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/commentbeforeparentheses.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/apostrophenullencode.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/tamper/overlongutf8more.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/txt/checksum.md5                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/txt/smalldict.txt                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/txt/common-columns.txt               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/txt/common-outputs.txt               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/txt/wordlist.zip                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/txt/user-agents.txt                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/txt/common-tables.txt                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/txt/keywords.txt                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/sqlmapapi.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/techniques/__init__.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/techniques/dns/__init__.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/techniques/dns/use.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/techniques/dns/test.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/techniques/union/__init__.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/techniques/union/use.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/techniques/union/test.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/techniques/blind/__init__.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/techniques/blind/inference.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/techniques/error/__init__.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/techniques/error/use.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/__init__.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/request/redirecthandler.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/request/httpshandler.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/request/__init__.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/request/direct.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/request/inject.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/request/comparison.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/request/basic.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/request/templates.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/request/pkihandler.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/request/connect.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/request/methodrequest.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/request/basicauthhandler.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/request/dns.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/request/rangehandler.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/parse/html.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/parse/__init__.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/parse/configfile.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/parse/payloads.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/parse/cmdline.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/parse/banner.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/parse/sitemap.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/parse/headers.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/parse/handler.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/controller/__init__.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/controller/checks.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/controller/action.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/controller/handler.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/controller/controller.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/takeover/__init__.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/takeover/icmpsh.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/takeover/metasploit.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/takeover/xp_cmdshell.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/takeover/abstraction.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/takeover/web.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/takeover/udf.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/takeover/registry.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/subprocessng.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/common.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/unescaper.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/wordlist.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/datatype.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/__init__.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/revision.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/decorators.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/update.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/log.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/readlineng.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/option.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/dump.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/threads.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/target.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/dicts.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/testing.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/profiling.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/convert.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/optiondict.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/replication.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/shell.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/session.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/exception.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/bigarray.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/data.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/agent.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/enums.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/defaults.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/core/settings.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/sqlalchemy.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/__init__.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/brute.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/deps.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/versioncheck.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/pivotdumptable.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/search.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/getch.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/hashdb.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/timeout.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/purge.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/htmlentities.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/xrange.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/api.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/hash.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/har.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/progress.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sqlmap/lib/utils/crawler.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/sqlmap.1.gz                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/sqlmapapi.1.gz                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/sqlmap/copyright                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/sqlmap/examples/sqlmap.conf.gz          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/sqlmap/AUTHORS                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/sqlmap/changelog.gz                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/sqlmap/changelog.Debian.gz              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/sqlmap/README.pdf.gz                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/sqlmap/sqlmap.conf                            sqlmap
